he arrived as a somewhat unwelcome
visitor erdogan had recently praised
Hamas as Freedom Fighters and questioned
the right of Israel to exist an idea
anathema to a German state whose core
identity includes supporting Israel in
Berlin the Turkish leader softened his
tone this time calling for a two-state
solution but not before chiding Germany
for its position and attributing it to
Nazi era World War II
guilt how can we stay silent against
Israel's aggression shouldn't we raise
our voices against its brutal response
history will judge us if we stay silent
that's why we shouldn't interpret the
Israel Palestine War through a historic
debt uncomfortable comments to German
ears but Chancellor Olaf Schultz
nevertheless needs to engage with Tura
on a number of key Matters from
exporting grain safely out of Ukraine to
the question of Sweden's membership to
Nato which requires anora's approval
that's
the Turkish Parliament is currently
debating the ratification of Sweden's
accession we're hoping for a quick
positive decision because the aim is to
strengthen NATO as an
alliance erdogan has indicated he's
willing to welcome Sweden for a price he
is looking for Berlin's agreement to
sell his country European fighter jets
so on the Israel Gaza conflict anchara
and Berlin have no choice but to agree
to disagree and then move on to other
issues Beyond the Middle East including
security in Europe Melissa Chan Al jazer
Berlin make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer